e2e `devShell` (#799)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: CHANGELOG.md

- `Contract.Wallet.isNamiAvailable` and `Contract.Wallet.isGeroAvailable` functions ([#558](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/issues/558)])
- `Contract.Transaction.balanceTxWithOwnAddress` and `Contract.Transaction.balanceTxsWithOwnAddress` to override an `Address` used in `balanceTx` internally ([#775](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/775))
- `Contract.Transaction.awaitTxConfirmedWithTimeoutSlots` waits a specified number of slots for a transaction to succeed. ([#790](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/790))

> - Added unzip and Chromium (optional) to Nix overlay. ([#799](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/799))

Reviewer: You're actually not adding anything to the overlay (you don't need to, they're already in the package set from `nixpkgs`). You should mention the `withChromium` flag and that `unzip` is being added to the `devShell`

> - Added unzip dev shell. New Flag `withChromium` also adds Chromium to devShell ([#799](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/799))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added unzip to the `devShell`. New `purescriptProject.shell` flag `withChromium` also optionally adds Chromium to the `devShell` ([#799](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/799))
```
